this is a quick and simple hairstyle for
who does not have much time is the braid
wake up you make a ponytail
separate a wick and divide the rest into
2 mexico x
The best of that hairstyle that you do not even
You need to know how to braid because
he is made of reviewing the laps you go
turn the wick to one side two
wicks it to one side like that and now it will turn
for the other opposite twist to the side
turn to the other you will do this
until the end of the hair is a great has
because it is simple and beautiful and
You do not have to know how to draw and it's
done in just a few minutes
you can even do it on your own
tokyo hair until the end now I learned
with silicone elastic a great
also hairstyle for going to school
is ready now with the lock I
I separate and I will pass around the xuxinha
to hide the speck I learned with
grampinho if you liked click
I liked it and signed up for the channel.
to help spread the word